---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cosmo_feature_flag Resource - cosmo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A feature flag is a group of one or more feature subgraphs.
  Each feature subgraph represents a replacement of a specific base subgraph that composes a federated graph.
  Feature flags define labels that dictate the federated graphs to which they will apply when enabled.
  Setting the corresponding feature-flag header or cookie value allows different graph constellations to be served to clients.
  For more information on feature flags, please refer to the Cosmo Documentation https://cosmo-docs.wundergraph.com/cli/feature-flags.
---

# cosmo_feature_flag (Resource)

A feature flag is a group of one or more feature subgraphs. 
Each feature subgraph represents a replacement of a specific base subgraph that composes a federated graph. 
Feature flags define labels that dictate the federated graphs to which they will apply when enabled. 
Setting the corresponding feature-flag header or cookie value allows different graph constellations to be served to clients.

For more information on feature flags, please refer to the [Cosmo Documentation](https://cosmo-docs.wundergraph.com/cli/feature-flags).



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `feature_subgraphs` (Set of String) The list of feature subgraphs associated with the feature flag. 
At least one feature subgraph must be provided.
- `name` (String) The name of the feature flag.

### Optional

- `is_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether the feature flag is enabled.
- `labels` (Map of String) The labels associated with the feature flag. These labels indicate which 
federated graphs can be associated with the feature flag to enabled calls against the corresponding feature subgraph.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the feature flag.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The timestamp when the feature flag was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the feature flag.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the feature flag.
- `updated_at` (String) The timestamp when the feature flag was last updated.
